USER: Jree012
"A Little Empty"
I have been fighting under extrusion for a while now but now the infill that is not touching the walls is under extruded and 
the walls have some gaps too. All my prints start off perfectly even the infill is fine for the first 2 cm but then it starts 
to go wrong. I have changed the print temperatures, infill speeds, wall speeds, cleaned the hot end, replaced the nozzle, and 
lowered acceleration all to no effect. See the picture as it is clear that it starts off well then deteriorates. I would be 
thankful for any advice.

(Photo of the issue)
https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/0c/f5/45/1f/07/20190504_105823.jpg

Resolution by @AsikDrone
"Bud I believe there is moisture in your filaments. Hydrolysis has more than likely occurred, I have had a similar issue for 
a few weeks now, and I opened a new roll of filament and BAMM! I got great prints again, I then took the main roll giving me 
grief to the oven and left it there on 160 degree for 14 hours and now that roll prints amazing as well... dude when all else 
fails, check for moisture in your filaments..."

USER: TheMagicalC
"The Pry and Tighten"
Something I'd like you to add to help others (as I experienced this problem) is that if your prints come out oblong or sort of 
stretched along a diagonal, it means your X-Axis belt needs tightening. If you have difficulty tightening it with your hands, 
you can put an Allen wrench between the roller at the end of the x-axis bar and the bar itself and lever the roller farther 
ut with the Allen wrench, and tighten the screws with a different wrench once it reaches optimal tightness. It should twang a 
little bit if you pluck it.

Thanks for your work helping the Ender 3 community.

USER: BoothyBoothy
"Toe the Line"
X Axis Drive Belt Not Parallel to Extrusion
I had an issue on my Ender 3 Pro where the X Axis drive belt was not running parallel to the extrusion. After a lot of 
investigation in turned out that the tensioner assembly plate was slightly bent. Using a shim between the plate and the 
extrusion rectified this issue (see attached images from original message on this thingi and also on the original post)

USER: Ender3Guy
"The Straight and Narrow"
Personally I probably had one of the worst Enders ever sold. I spent months trying to figure out why the bed wouldn't level 
when it was already flat. The front right and rear left corners were perpetually too high Finally, DerWaldschrat (I think 
that's how you spell his username) pointed out that it had to be a warped Y axis extrusion. Sure enough, it leveled perfectly 
after replacing the extrusion.

USER: SHENKOE (wait that's me)
"The Rub-A-Dub-Dub"
Ohhh Nooooo (in my Family Guy voice) I have under extrusion. Why could this be happening I just printed something and 
switched out filament, now it under extrudes.
Ender 3 (obviously)
Micro Swiss All Metal Hotend w/ 0.4mm standard steel nozzle
Hatchbox, Esun, and CC3D for PLA / Sunlu for PLA+
Capricorn XS PTFE Tubing
stock extruder with 3rd party push fittings

So I checked the nozzle clear, did cold/ atomic pulls with white filament to be sure all was clean. tightened the nozzle, 
removed the nozzle, removed the heat break from the sink and checked interior walls, all clean, checked tube seems good, a 
little worn from use on 2 printers, but still good. Checked extruder assemble, there is tension, but there could be more.
Tested first layer every time I completed a step, every time it would under extrude. So I decided to swap the PTFE tube for 
one I had not used from some other 3rd party. Removed the extruder release arm, low and behold the filament had already worn 
a groove in the arm after only a few weeks of moderate printing. Luckily I believe in spare parts and had printed an extruder 
assembly called the Bantamfeeder > https://bantam.design/feeder 2 weeks ago, unsure when I would test it. Well guess I'm 
testing it out now.

So I swapped out the assembly and PTFE tube, viola issue resolved see newly added photos.

USER: SHENKOE (me again)
WHY YOU NO FEED FILAMENT
So I wanted to try klipper out, long story short it did not work just yet (configuration issues, will try again later on). 
Refreshed firmware for Marlin 1.1.9, ran test print starts, purge starts.... Then stops and no filament extruding during print. 
Stop test again with 4th brim, starts, purge, brim prints, model doesn't. Rinse wash repeat. Checked drivers, voltage good, 
not overheating. Motors good as commands from terminal work.

Fix: Refreshed Marlin from a fresh edited download. Test print start and extruder feeds during print cycle. Job well done. 
Issue was original Marlin install was corrupted somewhere, maybe a line was broken while I left it open. Who knows but it is 
all working fine. Sometimes all you need is a fresh install of Marlin to get the issue gone.

USER: SHENKOE (And again)
ODB
So I randomly had z binding issues. I had noticed a stiffer section when moving the z axis manually the other day and thought, 
it was related to my lead screw nut needing to be loosened and adjusted. So I did that.... BAMMM MOFO!!!!! I had issues with 
the z moving after I had done it, ran a few test to determine if it was my z axis or the extruder. After further inspection, 
I discovered dirt, dust, grime and grease built up in the nut that hold the lead screw in place along the Z.

My method involves using my dremel, with the nylon brush tip on low and held it against the lead screw and nut (where they meet), 
and spun the lead screw manually. Repeat the process on the underside of the nut and lead screw. Once satisfied the screw was 
cleared and free of debris. I greased that bad boy done with white lithium lubricant. Ran the same model I attempted in the 
photos and BAMMMM!!!!! Issue resolved. No more bulging or under extrusion on the z axis.
